Decrease kyma installation timeout (#1369)
kyma-incubator/compass: docs/kyma-environment-broker/03-03-runtime-provisioning-and-deprovisioning.md

- Return an error, which interrupts the entire provisioning or deprovisioning process, or 
- Repeat the entire operation after the specified period. 

> The provisioning and deprovisioning timeouts for processing an operation are set to `24h`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> > **NOTE:** It's important to have lower timeouts for the Kyma installation in the Provisioner .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** The provisioning and deprovisioning timeouts for processing an operation are set to `24h`. Make sure that timeouts for the Kyma installation in KEB are lower than timeouts in the Runtime Provisioner.
```
